[Music]
But what is it that you're telling me is that
Nemo thing
what are you telling me is that
mime thing
Look at Twitter let's see Twitter
12 minutes ago
a 28 second video
is behaving like a creep
because she's an amputee cheap victim
desperate for approval
or whatever or whatever
bet Rachel critic Richard critic
no no
no
has put Richel critic
but he rules the critic agrees
with me it ca
n't be it can't be no
one is behaving like a
creep because she's a [ __ ]
cheap victim Who is the one who who is the one who who is the one who
says
[ __ ] cheap victim
Who is I don't know who that is Who is that the
a Random no
to the cellos my god Javi Don't be bad Don't
say a word I don't say any emoji of the
whole level with which you're
putting me He's putting me with the jealousy and
the gray the critic behaving
because she's a [ __ ] cheap victim
desperate for approval
ridiculous very careful Okay
[Music]
no no
[Applause]
[Music] He's
behaving
using me He's
taking advantage of Javier Oliveira
But don't [ __ ] with me or anything Don't [ __ ] with me You're
going to put me with the jealousy that is
sick and with that critical Richter For
God's sake, they are two people that I
brought here and I have filled
any of the orifices that they have
in their bodies
This is really attracting attention eh
But why what does it have to do with what does
announcing
a live with a camera have to do with people
criticizing him a lot because he doesn't stop
crawling with the big streamers
you were the star I understand that I am
the star But why but what does it have to do with it, I mean,
the live is going to be about
this
the live is going to try to defame me
No one is behaving like a
crawler because he is a [ __ ]
desperate victim for approval
ridiculous be very careful Okay
[Music] Eye
eye
The montage is cool, let's
see things as they are the video is very
Pro Fun fact
the song was made from
scratch for this trailer and it's called
Nebula soon  on Spotify
please
Oh I can't believe it Look girl I can't
believe it I mean she's taking a video of
me to criticize me You've
taken a video of me to criticize me
and you went and you took
a picture this afternoon with Luso and when you saw that it
has 43,000 likes you put Here
also the ad
December 19 December 19 they
discovered me I'm Dross let's
see what people say they're making fun of me I'm
going to retweet it anyway they
're making fun of me
everything will be fine not a mule you're going to break the
applauded take out Nimu to Regi the critic
jealousy and Javier Oliveira
Why does this [ __ ] appear to me Who went to
Banana Oliveira wouldn't like this
Greetings churra but no way Invite me
Peronism At least invite me and do a
live with Banana Starting
December 19th I'll do a live with
Banana I
mean I refuse to be made fun of I
refuse to be
made fun of Nimo
but I don't understand the relationship I mean
then what's going to be a live
December 19th has to do with the
criticism they give it
no good let's see, well good promo Hey, well
good promo good promo eh I mean the
video It's very very professional I mean they
hired someone very very powerful
Javi this It can only be fixed in one way
Make yourself an Avatar I
already have it I already have it I already have it I already have it
banana oliveira
[Music]
Today is the day
Don't worry churra I'll defend you
nimu Bad party I paid for the promo it
's true traitor it's true traitor
but let's see you know what I thought it was
going to be I thought it was going to be
a roast yourself or a distrack
and that we were going to appear there with a good
cameo
but of course if it's only a live on the
19th
Well, in no time on Monday no
Monday Monday
well we'll wait for your artillery cheer up the
truth is I don't feel ready I don't know if I do
n't know I don't know what we can
find cheer up you set the bar
super high the truth is you caught me in my
underwear I mean I didn't expect it you
caught me by surprise you caught me inside
out  the salt would be very tender I am very tender I am very
tender I am very tender I am very
tender I am very tender
you know about them
[Music]